Add comparison to feedforward neural network episode 4 (#421)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: episodes/4-advanced-layer-types.Rmd

It seems that the model is overfitting somewhat, because the validation accuracy and loss stagnates.

::: instructor
## Comparison with a network with only dense layers
The callout box below compares the CNN approach with a network with only dense layers.

> You can choice how much you want to go in depth here, probably depending on time. You have several options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on time, the following discussion can be extended in depth up to your liking. You have several options:
```

Author: Much better!
